well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so they got the big bad wolf they
got him president is taking credit and
victory laps and all as well it's the
end right there defeated hmm maybe not
maybe not so now what what's going to
happen now personifying an organization
like this with the leadership it's not
really a good idea it is not a good idea
these organizations like like all
organizations they have structure they
have plans for a transfer of power and
meeting this kind of end in that field
it's it's predictable you know they know
who the next guy in charge is going to
be there they're not necessarily
defeated simply because their command
and control was disrupted and that's
what they did with this that they took
out the command structure hopefully when
you're dealing with a conventional force
taking out the command structure is
pretty much always a good idea with an
unconventional force it's only a good
idea if you know who's coming next and
sometimes disrupting the command and
control if you don't know who's coming
next is actually really really bad for
your side give me an example Easter of
1916 was the beginning of the Irish
rebellion and for American viewers this
is it's like July 4th only the fighting
started like right that second at the
end of that engagement the British won
and they went through they literally
were like that guy's a leader that guy's
a leader that
guys a leader and they took him and they
put him on the wall they got rid of him
they didn't know who was coming next and
it proved a big mistake for their side
because the next crop was very different
they were very very different the entire
crop but we're gonna focus on two people
because they're good examples of what
we're gonna be talking about here you
had a guy named devil era and a guy
named Collins those two are the examples
we'll focus on now if you're familiar
with this story from the movie Michael
Collins devil eras portrayed as this
whiny sniveling guy in that and whatever
maybe that's historically accurate but
he was politically savvy extremely
politically savvy and it doesn't really
show that except in bad light in the
movie Collins was a military juggernaut
they didn't like each other they didn't
like each other and this holds true
through almost every type of
organization like this you have these
two competing groups of people and in
command so what happened once of those
once that crop took over and there were
a whole bunch of other people what 1921
the British were asking for a truce and
the Irish Free State was born it didn't
take long under this new leadership and
a wave of unconventional warfare so
drawing on lessons like that and
learning from lessons like that the
current theory is to only eliminate one
half
you only get rid of one half of them you
get rid of the Collins side people that
were like him you leave the devil
heiress alone even if you have the
opportunity
unity you let him go now the reason you
do this is because it leaves the
organization intact but combat
ineffective they don't have the military
minds but the organization is still
there so people who are sympathetic to
the cause they look in they're like I
want to join that organization and the
opposition they're already looking at it
you're already looking at this group so
when the new people show up they're
going through them okay this guy went to
college he's mad at his dad wants an
adventure don't need to worry about him
this guy spent six years in the Army in
two years in prison this one's got to go
and then a guy gets taken out and if you
do this long enough the whole
organization moves because the
politically savvy people realize their
military operations are always failures
because they only have incompetent
commanders so their only option is peace
and it brings them to the negotiation
table there are a lot of organizations
that have been altered in this way
they've been realigned there is a lot of
evidence to suggest that is what the US
was doing was attempting to do there
have been a lot of not huge names but
pretty big names that have met similar
ends recently and the president's own
comment he kind of said it offhand you
know you know we've we've taken out
other terrorists but no big names he was
kept in the loop and up to date on these
because they were part of the overall
strategy but nobody really probably took
the time to explain it to him because
they're worried he would say it or they
just didn't think he to understand it
so there is evidence to suggest that's
what was going on now we've also found
out that the operation against this guy
was moved up it was done ahead of
schedule it was done hastily because of
the president's withdrawal that they had
to do it like right now rather than
waiting for the time they wanted so that
leaves us with the question how far did
they get in cleaning house if they got
all the way then this is a win this is a
win and we're not gonna see much more
from these guys if not well there's
there's a lot of variables at play so
let's go through the three options of
what can happen next if they were
successful and they took out the
competent commanders before they got
this guy we're gonna see a whole lot of
talk a whole lot of videos and some
minor operations that aren't gonna do
too well there'll be they probably won't
even make the news here they're not
gonna be big events if they only got
partially through only got like halfway
done you're gonna see infighting you're
gonna start seeing these groups fight
inside each other and you'll see the
Collins guys realizing now that they're
outnumbered by the politically savvy
guys they're gonna start taking them out
because normally the politically savvy
guys are also very corruptible they're
not true believers they are not liked by
the the competent military commanders so
they'll start trying to even the odds
now where you have to worry is if they
take out all of them if they get rid of
all of the politically savvy people you
have an incredibly dangerous
organization you have a group that is
now
staffed and led by nothing but competent
military commanders and nobody to hold
them back they become a very efficient
machine that's the worst case scenario
now let's just say they didn't get his
chosen successor we're gonna see a
spectacular response some kind of
coordinated statement some kind of
activity that is going to probably
result in a lot of casualties and it's a
way of saying we're still here
you didn't defeat us so those are the
three future outcomes and based on that
we'll be able to tell how far they got
in this strategy so there you go that's
what we're looking at now as far as the
future of this group anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night